No ticket: Add SECURITY.md (#10237)
mozilla-mobile/mozilla-vpn-client: SECURITY.md

# Security Policy

> Mozilla participates in the [HackerOne ](https://hackerone.com/bug-bounty-programs)bug bounty program. The program is designed to encourage security research into Mozilla's websites and services and to reward those who find unique and original security bugs in Mozilla's products and web services.

Reviewer: Nit: move trailing space out of link
```suggestion
Mozilla participates in the [HackerOne](https://hackerone.com/bug-bounty-programs) bug bounty program. The program is designed to encourage security research into Mozilla's websites and services and to reward those who find unique and original security bugs in Mozilla's products and web services.
```

> Read Mozilla's bug bounty policy, including submission guidelines and program rules [here](https://hackerone.com/mozilla).

Reviewer: Nit: Have descriptive links
```suggestion
Read Mozilla's bug bounty policy, including submission guidelines and program rules [on HackerOne's site](https://hackerone.com/mozilla).
```
